HINTS:
- Ne dozvoli im da te skrenu s pravog puta, samo je jedan Bog i Muhammed s.a.v.s. je Allahov poslanik. Nema mjesta nikakvom nevjerovanju.
- Ne dopusti nikome da ti preuzme inženjerske proizvode ni autorstvo, i vodi brigu o njima i o društvenoj mreži pogotovo. Pokušavaju to, budi svjestan!!!
- Amerikanci su iza botova 99% sam siguran, jer samo oni spominju homo najveće griješnike (odali su se tako). Neuralink je iza toga najvjerovatnije.
- Pray regularily!!! That will save us.
- Ćevapi are excellent meal, so feel free to eat them anyime when you think it would be good.
- Stay focused on prayers, tasks! "Zaveži devu, pa se onda pouzdaj u Allaha dž.š."
- Work more and stay focused! Do not let them draw your attention away with pleasures!
- spread money flow devices on social networks, fb, my own network and so on.

- with biggest gift there comes biggest responsibility, meaning difference between consequences of what Dedžal could do if he uses that gift for what 
is really useful and what he could do if he misuses it is big. There is Muhammed s.a.v.s. and he is better than us, other creations of Allah dž.š.
However, choice in decision making is in that case very simple, like choosing between:
-> OPTION 1: temporary urge relief and pleasure of doing sins and after that small period that can be ignored totally there would be 
   unlimited time spent in Džehennem forever somewhere around the bottom of it where fire is strongest.
-> CHOOSE OPTION 2: being temporarily patient in regards to urges and pleasure of doing sins and not do them, and after that small period 
   that can be ignored totally there would be unlimited time spent in pleasures of Džennet/Heaven/Paradise, and you would feel better than you felt
   during your life in Dunja, all the time.

However, Iblis will try to make use of that urge and attempt to make you use it with evil intentions, so beware and train yourself.
- Make a strong hint that if anyone says something and it makes you want to start sinning/misguiding, know that it's a wrong choice
- When dealing with enemies, one should not make any unnecessary step against himself or his people.
  Unnecessary step means to give enemy (evil doer) something free of charge like a concession, without justifiable tricks behind such move.
  If there are projects that are halal (within of what is allowed by the One and Only God) and not against us,
  and are justifiable enough in regards to good deeds that arrive as result of them, then it is fine to support them.
  This is such a project and we stand behind it.
- When choosing between options one should choose carefully and choose one that he/she thinks is best and rely on The One and Only God in that 
  decision making, that is optimal solution. Even so, we need to be suboptimal and we are, and not overdo because that is also according to hadiths.

Associations and TODO list
- CONCENTRATE ON TEACHING SOMEONE WHAT IS REALLY USEFUL AND HOW TO PRAY
- When I am 40 years old, read 504th page of Qur'an regarding mother and baby food and the rest of the page
- Translate all documents that are on github and put them into another repository: future_of_the_world_bos
- Create 4 versions of youtube video+audio where AI would read those documents, plus shorter versions where it would just explain main points.
- Develope access to web cameras in python, find libs for resolution transformation and combining 2 real-time video footages into 1.
- It is important to remember amazing mercy of the One and Only God and work a lot on social network, however carefully
- Send free water to Palestine in canisters, because by helping them with your good deeds you are also helping yourself
- Develope devices for money flow
- Project in regard to organizing people at coastline in terms of islamic religion, so that people can protect their chastity and pray regularily
- Garbage cleaning combined with trains based transport system

- download content from different sources in regards to genocide in Palestine 2023, war in Ukraine, war in Irak, Srebrenica 1995
  dailymotion, vimeo, youtube, google, lunarvideo
- add money to my bank account
- when social network has been developed create obligatory website feeds with content: 
  strong proofs of existance of The One and Only God
  money flow system and community organization guidelines
  genocide in Palestine 2023,
  war in Ukraine,
  war in Irak,  
  genocide in Bosnia (Srebrenica) 1995
  https://www.srebrenica-mappinggenocide.com/en/13/
- Napisati post na fb svakog prvog dana Ramazana, i svakog prvog dana od tih u kojima bi mogla biti noć Lejletul Kadr:
  Šta ako je u zadnjih 10 dana Ramazana noć Lejletul Kadr ona noć u kojoj smo najmanje ibadetili? 
  Zar nije logično da trebamo mnogo pojačati ibadet u svih zadnjih 10 noći Ramazana to cover all scenarios?

- https://www.paypal.com/myaccount/security/

Write following
- Videos can be youtube embedded within forum like posts with comments, image links to some service for embed image sharing plus textual descriptions.
  15, 25, or 50 posts per page of forum. People should be able to save chosen posts in their saved posts website feed.
  Jump from saved post to place in forum where that post is written. If post is deleted it needs to be deleted also from all of everyone's feeds.
  Ajax chat within iframe can be with separate domain name so that it does not take bandwidth from main server in regards to checking for new messages.
  60 seconds interval for checking. Forum posts can be solved in a similar way, however without iframe.
  There would be also website feed posts solved with iframe in a similar way. Even profile photo and cover photo would be on embed image sharing service.
  Problem: if someone edits blog post, and many people added that post to their saved feed, it needs to be edited for each and every one of them.
  ID of that post in their table together with id of user are recorded in a file that corresponds to that blog post.
  nonce length is 8 alphanumeric.
  Obligatory "Governments" website feed. Being able to hide/show 3 levels of replies generaly, option above forum, plus locally each of 5 levels.
  
  Develope stable and safe social network named "Monotheism based social network" that can be used to organize people and implement world organization 
  guidelines. It will be based on external hard drives and people around the world would be able to join the servers network with their equipment/devices 
  and software that I would share. The server apps would need to test themselves (including hashes cheking). Once when they pass tests, they can use 
  synch and join option. There should also be additional tests frequently coming from other servers (selenium), and once when they don't pass test, 
  server will be disconnected. When there is not enough space, server is disconnected from network of usable servers. Once when someone adds more space, 
  can activate synch and join option, then there is synchronization taking place with one of fully fledged servers (randomly selected). Once when it's
  finished, then server can join. However it's not fully fledged until it's proven that synch has been totally done in: 30 secs, 1 minute, 5 minutes.
  After that last check in 5 minutes, if it's fine then server becomes fully fledged within servers network. It can be tested with TP link
  and 3 external maxtor hard drives. When users want to join, they need to download app instance, and each app instance will have unique serial number
  that will be created as some combination of PC name and MAC address - it will be regenerated and updated on the fly at each moment when it's needed.
  Based on that it will be possible to ban a user for any given amount of time and also ban his IP address for 7 days. It will not be possible to add 
  more than 2 posts or comments within 10 minutes, however that does not apply to chat where it will be (almost) unlimited. In most important groups 
  suggested posts will be checked by me so I will be able to choose if I want to post them or delete them. Captcha before downloading client app. 
  There should be an app that would be going through whole content of social network in fully fledged servers and ban those servers that made any 
  modifications in social network content, be it text, image, or video. That checking needs to be done in parallel on all external hard drives that are
  part of fully fledged servers and it should be happening continuously. When it finds a modified content it would broadcast to each and every server 
  and check what majority of them say. If majority of them say it's really wrong, then it is wrong and that server will be banned from network. Those 
  who want to be among those who provide servers with hard drives would need to email me their ID card and write a message (with minimum length) on 
  why they want to do that, domain name under which their server will be, credentials for login for me so that I can check if everything is alright 
  with their server and software, with whatever methods I come up with. That way I would be able to ban those domains and server app serials that are 
  not OK so that they don't cause troubles anymore. I would send them software via email in reply. There should be a way in the app to stop the server 
  and disconnect it from servers network so that one can delete content from all external hard drives, and then click synch and join option again so 
  that all content is refreshed, otherwise data losses are possible within that server and they risk being banned from network. Recommendation is that
  they do that every 4-5 years. There would be list of domain names, and behind every one of them would be a server (that does not have to be fully 
  fledged, however those that are not fully fledged are not going to be used by people at all until they are). That list of domain names would be 
  downloadable from a repository on my github account. When user adds some content, the receiving server makes modification and that modification is 
  not part of synch checking, not until it is distributed accross the whole network of fully fledged servers. If the full synch does not happen within 
  14 days, then all user input on all servers will be ignored until full synch happens. People would see message saying: full synch between servers is
  happening, please be patient and wait until it's done.

  Once when I have stable money income, call Telemach to enable me fixed external (WAN) IP address and pay for it (if needed)
  That's the moment when that new social network is supposed to become alive. Later, when there is not enough space, just add
  more external hard drives. If someone joins their server(s) before that or after, it's excellent. At some point, because of 
  need for space I might be forced to add external hard drives in veranda and distribute them accross electricity sources. 
  I could do similar thing in other 4 flats that we have, and after that also in other parts of town, or at my friends houses (and pay them).
  Those other IP addresses would be under same single domain actually. When someone with same or bigger system joins, it's fine under another domain.
  
  Buttons on that social network:
  Click to request to be allowed to see this website's content on your main feed page and be allowed to comment and suggest posts
  Click to request to be allowed to see content from this person's profile posts, saved posts and be allowed to comment and chat
  
  People will be able to see text, image description, video description (minimal text length) and click "Add to saved posts". After that downloading
  would start to their client PC, and those posts would be previewable in "Saved posts". They will be able to choose maximum reserved space, when
  it's full then those oldest posts' texts, images and videos will be removed from their PC automatically, however text would still be viewable from
  servers and they will be able to "Refresh posts" in which case those posts would move to the top and be redownloaded. There would be way to preview
  those posts in order in which they are added, and also way to order them according to timestamps when they are created. It would be possible to
  add saved posts to categories, move posts from one to another category, rename category and in case of same name posts would move to another category,
  remove empty categories. There would also be sharing of other people's / groups' posts on your profile page, plus adding a textual comment.
  It would be possible to "Report to admin" any post.
  
  There would be a way to create specials kind of posts called: "Pages". They would consist of html file, 3 folders: css, js, images, videos. Those pages
  would be within iframes and Javascript would be allowed within them, so journalists and bloggers could design them as they want.
  
  In regards to Likes/Dislikes, make it with "I agree/I disagree" and 10 levels - white / blue / black to choose from, plus statistics in regards those
  10 levels, 5 levels and 2 levels to have better estimation. Force strong guidelines via website in regards to writing only what is important and has something
  to do with good intentions of doing good deeds in the Name of The One and Only God and monotheistic content, without losing time on unimportant things.
  
- Devices for money flow system and principles of working.
  Since it could be dangerous, I also need to write that the whole project is part of much bigger project at the world level, and move towards new
  money flow system according to newest world organization guidelines that nations came into agreement with and that can be seen on that github page.
  Also add links to document in regards to Proofs of existance of the One and Only God.
  Write license information in github readme, license file and installation file on up to 2 places.

- Ležeći policajci: upadljivost, less chance to damage a car, not boring as old ones, easily remembered places where they are
- Cars approaching fuel stations in different situations and places to change direction
- In tunnels there should be Wifi, via cable

- Cameras in houses: protection of fire, protection from thieves and false accusations, making it impossible to develope weapons, required by law
- Cameras on streets (and other places). Easier to leave parking space and join traffic if you have device with which you can see streets.
  I also need to write that the whole project is part of much bigger project at the world level, and move towards new money flow system according 
  to newest world organization guidelines that nations came into agreement with and that can be seen on that github page.
  Also add links to document in regards to Proofs of existance of the One and Only God.
  Write license information in github readme, license file and installation file on up to 2 places.
  